Pierce through the abyss of the blue sky,
light will give birth to the New crashed century.
what a smooth process this is.
As regards the civil order,
Uch cyanobacteria
In the vast aussi- Augmented white things
and the Lia, the hey to the waty
The sun will someday be a radiant source of hope
Your guidance, Confucius, speaks at my ears
today too
Discovering is Caring
We are happy to welcome you
Ah, Furu-du-Kanko, the sacred shrine
Oh, five flags, oh, the sun's rays
Let's see the spring of the country of the Sun
Let's see the spring
It's a wonderful day
We all create this great weather
We wish the world will come this day
There are some clouds
It's wonderful
Academy of the Pflint-S slut saidjin
beITCH
you
the
Mon Des V ì˜
The
Exclusive